Add project proposal for GSoD 2021 (#368)
cncf/mentoring: seasonofdocs/README.md

## 2021 Timeline

Google Season of Docs 2021 makes numerous change to the program from previous years:

1. GSoD 2021 permits only one project proposal per organization. 

>    This marks a significant change from the multiple proposals allowed in previous years. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Not needed?

1. GSoD 2021 starts earlier and runs longer! Projects begin in April/May and run until November.

1. Project proposals include a new requirement for budgeting.

   For more information, see the [proposal template](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/org-proposal-template).

### What's happening right now?

Date | Activity
---|---
March 26, 2021 | The CNCF has submitted a [project proposal](#project-proposal) for consideration.

All steps are based on the [GSoD 2021 timeline](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/timeline).

## Project Proposal

Reorganize Contour’s documentation

### What's the problem?

> The information architecture for [Contour](https://projectcontour.io) needs help. Headings focus on functionality rather than user tasks; there’s an abundance of familiar terms overloaded with new definitions; information is organized haphazardly and inconsistently; and the new user experience is confusing, with artificially high barriers to entry. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information architecture for [Contour](https://projectcontour.io) needs help: 
- Headings focus on functionality rather than user tasks 
- there’s an abundance of familiar terms overloaded with new definitions
- information is organized haphazardly and inconsistently
- the new user experience is confusing, with artificially high barriers to entry

Help Project Contour reorganize its documentation around a user's task flow and improve documentation navigability.
```

### How would we measure success?

- Shorter onramp time for new users
- Increased support deflections by using docs 

> - Docs provide effective 1:many support, measured in fewer requests for 1:1 support from project team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Docs provide effective 1 to many support, measured in fewer requests for 1:1 support from project team
```

- Create a getting started guide for new Contour users
- Optimize content for actual developer and user workflows
- Provide consistent presentation: adhere to style guide, headings are consistent, and language is grammatically correct

### What skills does a writer need?

Required:
- Familiarity with Git, Markdown and Hugo 

Nice to have:
- Distributed systems experience: networking, containers, Kubernetes and Envoy in particular

### Volunteers

> @celestehorgan – happy to bounce information architecture ideas off of, approver for work
> @jonasrosland – main point of contact in Contour and approver for work
> @stevesloka, @krisss, @youngnick – technical experts and PR approvers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- @celestehorgan – Lead for technical writing mentorship; approver for work
- @jonasrosland – Main point of contact for Contour and approver for work
- @stevesloka, @krisss, @youngnick – Technical experts and PR approvers
```

### Budget

Total budget: $15,000 USD

Writer: $14,350
Volunteers: 4 @ $100
Stickers: $100
T-shirts: $150

### Contact info

> Technical writers interested in working on this project should send an email to mentoring@cncf.io. Be sure to include links to examples of your technical writing portfolio and résumé or CV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If interested, send an email to mentoring@cncf.io. Include links to examples of your technical writing portfolio and résumé/CV.
```
